Working Title:
Exploring the latent space of StyleGAN for semantic face editing
and expression transfer.


Problemformulering:
When filling out this project agreement, please take following points into consideration:
To identify, define and delimit a problem within information technology.
To identify and analyse relevant means for solving the problem, such as academic theories, methods, literature, tools and other sources, as well as existing solutions to the problem.
To combine the selected means, develop them further if necessary, and apply them in a concerted effort towards the solution of the problem.
To evaluate the achieved solution.
To report in a coherent and stringent way the problem, the background research, the work towards the solution, the achieved solution, the evaluation, and other relevant material, while adhering to the academic standards.
To reflect upon the problem, the chosen approach, the achieved solution, and other findings.

#Working Title:
Exploring the latent space of StyleGAN for semantic face editing
and expression transfer.


#Problem Formulation:
Image synthesis in general and synthesis of human faces in particular
has seen drastic improvements in recent years.

Neural network architectures like Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are now able to
generate photo realistic images of human faces.

Despite the recent advances, relatively little is still know about the structure
 of the latent space of these models.

In this thesis we will use a detailed data set of human facial expressions to probe the structure
of the latent space of the GAN architecture known as StyleGAN.

We suspect that this model will enable a novel approach for semantic face editing
and expression transfer in StyleGAN.
We will compare the results from our model with existing approaches.

We will use tensor decomposition methods to identify and explore the expression space of the dataset.
Furthermore we will investigate if there exists a common origin for all expression in the StyleGAN latent space
as was shown to be the case in related work.

We will use the Python programming language and libraries like open source tensorflow and OpenCV.

#What is begin delivered:
Project Rapport and supporting code base.
